<div class='minutes-header'>

AFS Summerside Subgroup
# Subgroup Executive Meeting

</div>

<div class='minutes-meet-info'>

## Meeting Information

|       |                                |
|-------|--------------------------------|
| **When**  | 29 September 2023 7:00PM       |
| **Where** | Discord: Executive Voice/Video |

</div>

<div class='minutes-executive'>

### Executive Members

<div class='minutes-executive-present'>

#### Present
| **Name**      | **Position**   |
|---------------|----------------|
| Justin Murphy | President      |
| Carl Morgan   | Vice President |
| Logan Ellis   | Treasurer      |

</div>

<div class='minutes-executive-absent'>

#### Absent
| **Name**        | **Position**    |
|-----------------|-----------------|
| William Griffin | Member At Large |
| Jeff White      | Member At Large |

</div>
</div>

<div class='minutes-body'>

## Agenda

### Call to order

Meeting was called to order by Justin Murphy at 7:05PM

### Approval of agenda

The executive reviewed the agenda. **Moved by Justin, Seconded by Carl**. The agenda was adopted.

### Assign Roles of the executive

As there were more positions open than people present at the meeting, all position were acclaimed and decided on by the executive memebers present at the meeting. Roles were assigned as follows:

| **Role**       | **Name**    |
|----------------|-------------|
| Vice President | Carl Morgan |
| Treasurer      | Logan Ellis |

The executive decided that for the interim, we would prefer to work with the secretary as a rotating role until we have hands to manage everything comfortably.

### Choose a date for ratification session

Justin explained that at the last Subgroup Presidents meeting, Chris Roach mentioned ratification sessions will be happening in the next month. The dates that work best for Chris were October 16th and October 17th. Carl and Logan both mention that because the 16th is a monday, more people are likely to have a compressed day off, and that would likely have an affect on attendence. The executive decided to start making the plans to have the ratification session on October 17th.

It was noted that we still have a big issue in terms of communication. There is no list of emails we can use in this instance to contact all of the members about this ratification sessions. It was notes that currently the AFS Summerside email address has no contact list, and Justin mentioned that the Membership list he got from PIPSC only contained CRA email addresses, which cannot be used in this case.

### Discord as a communication tool

Justin set up a discord server for the subgroup. At the moment, it has been used by just the executive, with plans of opening it up to the entire membership. Carl made valid points that not everyone uses discord, and we would still need other ways to contact our members in a way that is familiar to them. Justin explain that using Discord, we can automate the same important messaging to be sent on any channel we want, like facebook, twitter, thread, email, or any other electronic medium.

The executive dicussed different social platforms it could use to get information out to members. It was decided that the executive would start with the following platforms:

- Facebook
- Twitter
- Thread

The executive decided to run a beta test of the Discord server with stewards before opening up the server to the membership. This will allow the executive time to ensure it is functioning as intended, and allow the stewards to use the server and get used it before members are potentially in there and attempting to interact with them.

### Logo Ideas

Justin mentioned that because we will have a social media presence, we will want a cohesive logo of some kind that is easily recognizable as the subgroup. This will make it easier for members to identify us from other PIPSC groups. Logan provided a candidate, but all agreed this needed more thought and time.

### Communication with members

Justin reiterated the complexities of trying to reach out to members when we have no personal contact information. The executive went through the sent mail folder of for the subgroup email, however the last email sent from this account was over three years old.

The executive discussed the viability of using the PIPSC official communication channels, and Carl added that communication sent out using this method can take multiple weeks before it gets into the inbox of our members.

All agree to start reaching out to people they know on personal communication channel and ask them to email the afs-summerside email address with their name so they can be added to an email list.

### Consultation

Carl asked about making plan for regular consultation with management. The subgroup agreed that at a minimum, we should be in regular contact with management and ready to consult on any issues that would arise.

Justin mentioned he had scheduled a meeting with the director, however both parties were both unable to attend due to the same work meeting conflict.

### Motion to adjourn

Motion to adjourn **Moved by Carl, Seconded by Logan** at 8:20PM.

<div class='minutes-actions'>

### Action Items
| **Assignee** |**Task**                                                          |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Justin       | Book a boardroom and discuss date time with Chris Roach           |
| Justin       | Make Threads account using subgroup email address                 |
| Justin       | Reach out to stewards regarding Discord beta                      |
| Everyone     | Think of logo/banner ideas for social platforms                   |
| Everyone     | Contact members to email the subgroup on a personal email account |

</div>
</div>